Introducing Knox Guard domains.
Knox Guard Domains, also known as "tenant domains", or just "domains",
are organizational categories designed to group customers
based on their specific business needs and security requirements.
When creating a Knox Guard account,
users must select a domain during registration.
This choice determines the features and capabilities available,
ensuring they align with the organization's goals.
There are four primary domain types to choose from:
The Device Financing domain is intended for businesses such as carriers or retailers
that allow customers to pay for devices in installments,
or carriers that want to lock in their own plans in connection with subsidies.
This domain includes unique solutions to help reduce the risks associated with
installment-based and subsidized sales, such as remote device locking or
restricting device usage to a specific carrier or SIM.
The Device Insurance domain is designed for insurance companies
or device protection providers
who want to protect customer data for lost devices,
and reduce compensation payouts from fraudulent insurance claims.
This domain includes features to remotely lock devices to prevent information leakage,
or completely wipe device information if devices can't be recovered.
The Enterprise domain is ideal for organizations who
want to distribute corporate devices to their employees.
With this domain, you can lock devices that haven’t been
returned after employees leave the company,
completely wipe device information on lost devices to protect corporate data,
or send messages to employees using notifications.
The Other domain is designed for unique use cases that don't
fit any of the predefined categories.
Enterprises can work directly with a Samsung account rep
to configure features according to their needs.
To learn more about Knox Guard domains, see our other videos in the series,
or check out our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!